This directory contains three example files that were used to build
typotests-doc.pdf.  However, the document cannot be built from these files
without the associated experimental (incomplete and unavailable)
macros, preprocessor, stylesheet, and other supporting files.

The files are for example only and are provided as-is; use at your own risk,
do not expose to rain, do not read while operating heavy equipment, etc.


THE FILES
---------

1-descrip.mst : The Introduction section.  Although not the complete document
contents, it provides an example of how the document is structured and
marked up.  The rest of the document is just more of the same from a markup
perspective.


2-figure-2.mst : The grap source for Figure 2.  The graph should build
correctly as a standalone file with the n-t-roff version of grap in the pipeline

	grap | pic | eqn | troff | dpost |
	ps2pdf -dPDFSETTINGS=/prepress - pdffilename.pdf

The /prepress option is necessary to embed the default troff fonts (on my
system, for example, all the default troff fonts are displayed as roman unless
they are embedded).  The caption text has been commented out.  The other graphs
in the document are minor variations of this one; several of those graphs are
contained in this file but have been commented out.  The graph will not build
correctly with GNU grap.


7a-recipes.mst : This section uses bullet paragraphs, includes some tbl and
simple inline eqn.  The styles are incremental modifications of the styles
used in the Introduction.


THE MACROS
----------

The macros form the core of a reasonably faithful implementation of Brian Reid's
"Scribe" document model, adapted to the troff macro language.  The styles in
these sample files contain examples of nesting, inheritance, incremental
modification, ad hoc modification, and long-form and short-form specification.

Scribe was groundbreaking when it was introduced around 1980.  Today, ordinary
style-based word processors incorporate much of the same functionality,
but they do not implement some of Scribe's more interesting characteristics
and the markup is not intended to be human-readable.

For more information on Scribe, see:
1. The preliminary "Scribe Introductory User's Manual", and
2. Reid's PhD dissertation, "Scribe: A Document Specification Language and its
   Compiler".

Both of these papers are linked in the Wikipedia article on Scribe,
< http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scribe_(markup_language) >.

